#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
anyio==4.10.0
    # via httpx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
cachecontrol==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
decorator==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
firebase-admin==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.179.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via firebase-admin
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
narwhals==2.1.2
    # via altair
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
pympler==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   streamlit
rich==14.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
semver==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
streamlit==1.48.1
    # via -r requirements.in
style==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   update
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
toolz==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   referencing
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
update==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
